and that 2009 is a good night Brasília Vinte e Nove de Outubro 21 hours delayed one
because it was in Maranhão specifically in Imperatriz and São Luís
is that the left Elisângela Nossa in a pound ceiling thanks for the time is
right to our table in agriculture Tereza Cristina will say everything here look
then Okay, the products will fall, this will go up on stage, I didn't know, I just wanted to
three minutes to talk about politics when it's time for an election campaign
Mayor and councilors I wanted to tell you the
the important way right I know that the elections that count the most Those that we
we heard she was reelected federal deputy and i was elected president of
republic right now your elections what else are we going to say heats up the temperature
is a much greater concern and always almost always a polarization I think that
Campo Grande Mato Grosso do Sul is no different, right policy update
place and when the second is everything Almost the fla-flu right or a worker in
with consignment Campo legal on this high began the carnival of Campo Grande
there I want to talk a little bit about the police
importance and a little experience, right? What is it to channel the party of
people have a prank there that preaches gender ideology destruction of
family values ​​[ __ ] marijuana release I had in the state now
administered by the Communist Party of Brazil with all due respect is the second that
almost all kidneys are brothers like us but administration of PC do B
helps to deteriorate these numbers and gave Porto Alegre my brothers
Porto Alegre the gauchada from Porto Alegre is a candidate for the PC do B
ahead think about the consequences ok see what this party defends the problems
that starting from the breeding for the traditional Brazilian family is that this is the
right path believed Communist Party lacks Brazil beauty for itself If
talk about democracy having a party like that what else asking me for a law
was if you could do to end the
communism there we can have a beer right think about 22 and a candidacy bed there
that that the face there the current governor of the PC of the B Communist Party of Brazil this
it didn’t work anywhere in the world it’s just disgrace it’s an appeal I make to
Porto Alegre there I will not indicate anyone ok you go up to vote now go back one
candidate of PC do B I think the end of getting well I can't do it
campaign for Brazil we have Brazil to manage I don’t even have it in your car
and for Brazil to do the campaign is because I couldn’t go on a plane from
Air Force would not be able to organize security for me so my
participation is very very discreet there I will not say it was even side in
campaigns in Brazil but it’s okay discreetly I’ll name some names
here some Some municipalities and those who have not defeated that candidate
everything goes well And I know there is a candidate to get up here
mayor will have a reaction from there but it is my opinion what I think
may be better for the municipality and not for parties with all due respect to
matches there was going to be controversial São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro and from what I think is
a large part of the voters of these capitals and not decided by their
Mayor and the worst you can give is to vote blank or not to put or annual
lot agrees for sure is because if you cancel you’re helping
elect people right
a little model, right? This is even worse than the one you might have paid for
so when it comes to councilor for Brazil São I'm just here with four names here
just and quickly if you have any candidate for
alderman from Campo Grande to Edilaine Edilaine goat from the plague there in Campo
Grande Roraima a poem there has its problems in which
not a few are ok we have the lion collection to do there is complicated because
Mexico indigenous reserves are playing I ask God to get
solve the lion's collection in the face you see a step appears a problem but
will get there if God wants the street is more of a problem Visa good cannot
continue to be isolated from the rest of the world.
right he got there and good time i'm here with the candidate here oh i get there by macuxi
right I call it mako-chan it's Denílson some is my name okay to authorize my name
God take care, you’re using Denilson Bolsonaro 1038, so Boa Vista who
can help with my candidate for councilor you who have more good
candidates for councilors in Roraima in Boa Vista of this but I have a
coxinha here you have bone bolsonaro Ok and then you in that there is no part to try
and now it's a separate complication White the complication takes the joke
and I've also known him for over 20 years and a person who is going to do a
direct dialogue with me and the capital of Roraima o Denilson both
her time put it hate site thanks there guys 10180 And this guy here from Rio
de Janeiro you would vote for him if he was from Rio would come back remember i think i will
examine What's good Carlos bolsonaro was one of those who did all the media for
on the occasion of my campaign, he works, then sentenced to him on social networks
it's my son, right? I'm suspicious to talk about it, so the bolsonaro case 10/120
who can collaborate you have no candidate It still helps the case
bolsonaro be elected who will continue helping me a lot here in Brasilia
and closes it takes a hit on the company why Why does it help me if it gets in the way
you will not pay to erase then bolsonaro case 10/120 of Rio de Janeiro São
Paulo who would say guys said I was a misogynist what is it reminiscent of
what a friendship in the church because he doesn’t like women, right? So I like a man who
you don't like women or men here look
And then you take this train here, calm down, what do you think is sweet to give Jesus that
there was controversy with me there in São Luís do Maranhão and
I confess that I didn't do anything to, it's nice and then you say hi, how are you?
I liked Jesus, I know, I bought it in Brasília, right
144 reais is a different record I liked it put one more I'm sure it's black
pink shirt there [ __ ] salmon you need it now you're throwing water
of the basin does not speak the truth plays has not posted is black flamenco and
Infantry has everything to work there bro you will need the dregs o
and I'm not putting faith in you, hahaha
That's right Jokes aside Google is not at ease São Paulo that
is that nostalgia Fernandes is engaged to be married I complained right
spend with Corinthians at home with Palmeirense
3 to 1 at Bragantino and it’s not close to the relegation zone.
also if possible if possible if you invite me obviously good then
shareholder marriage Fernandes here worked with my son Eduardo in São
Paulo works for a long time, now he's out because he's competing
and 120 elections for only Varela Fernandes in São Paulo who can
we thank you there and the other one in São Paulo also knew Cláudio
Lucas is already two years old. Seeing only a woman present only a woman that I only
I need to talk about the eyes over the eyes
Cláudio look there as a candidate for councilor for São Paulo you can be sure
that will squeeze you very well and this one here this capital right
represents the third largest budget in Brazil is Brazil this is the State of São
Paulo and the city of São Paulo the power really
in São Paulo talk more in São Paulo here too I have I'm here I was
missing I think it is not here I am here with you candidate for mayor for Brazil
several have asked for me is a participation until the support said ok
sorry I can't do more and whoever can collaborate until then but with
the R10 here Celso Russomanno in São Paulo I have known for a long time was
federal deputy with me and I am captain of the army, right, and he here even milk from
around her Wow, so a Captain in Brazil, you know, and a Lieutenant there in the city hall
from São Paulo so Celso Russomanno is my request for São Paulo that doesn’t
I chose you will still be able to choose where we thank you there
we also now have the name here i am suspicious to talk about him who knows
long time was my colleague at the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras Colonel
Menezes there ***** Manaus he was in charge of the Manaus Free Trade Zone
frank is really made a leap in billing quality and you guys as well
know who is from Manaus you know the work he did in the Zone
Franca de Manaus because people then Beauty 51 color is a good idea for Manaus
I can collaborate thank you there is the name now here everyone said that Belo
Horizon, right? It's decided, the candidate has already happened, how is it with you?
sixty percent of the number at all don't know it looks like fifty percent that already
chose the candidate so it's a new card Bruno read there Belo Horizonte get to know
the four we will see a young man is a little bit out of weight his defect is
this must be the pandemic stayed at home a long time there but I clothes clothes
ok, Bruno apologized here, ok, here’s about seven
arrobas and Bruno and the intelligent person a person who is really humble is
smart has everything to work out And there has been talking I had will do a
manifestation similar to Nossa you watched your ministers or
secretaries and woman secretaries Tereza Cristina here that everyone says a
of the best Melissas of them people who occupied the Ministry of Agriculture so
bluegg 28 there is an 18 song of mine then I told you I promise he was
elected that Cruzeiro will not fall either then and I Atlético will be ok
the planet doesn’t have only Good afternoon his 15 now that the cruise doesn’t fall and the
Atlético will be Brazilian champion I think to wait than you can, right
And then you’re an [ __ ] and you’d vote for my candidate with that promise don’t
I was Mineiro it's just hahaha it was just a lot of newspapers
Hi I was at the beginning there in the pre campaign in a campaign I don't know So I a lot of people
I said look I promise to Minas Gerais to find a way out to the sea
person is not his right skirt in the Pacific are playing the joke
that there and I was caught cheating Milena's electorate feel sting
unfortunately a folder from our press right then bhp just because Cruzeiro No
fell to become the champion of the rule Ok thanks there now but also I must
be in Guarujá tomorrow God meet this candidate there from
is from Santos he is known for the case Carandiru Judge at the time he gave
decisions is positive in favor of military police in that example has
an overwhelming who has enough determination courage here that our Sartori
candidate for mayor for Santos all It is an option
I'm asking for a vote that has not yet been decided I believe it is a good option for
for everyone ok and ending now the name that gives controversy right because in Rio de
January is always controversial, right? Today I'm here with Crivella, you
met a long time ago he was a federal deputy with me then he was a senator
Mayor Janeiro is the author of a proposed amendment to the condition is about 7 8 years old and
started to allow for example that the military of the Armed Forces could
also exercise the health profession, right, if you were a nurse doctor who could
accumulate was also lieutenant in the army R2 served battalion brokerages in there
Mansa, right? But this has to do logically, you're asking for a vote here for
There in Rio de Janeiro we know there are two more eggs running
Hello i want from party x already portal do Ciro
Gomes said that if she wins, she will be the masterchef chief of his civilian house
is Vivo right and the other one you know too I don't want to criticize him he has a
good administrator but i stay here with Cris she doesn’t have much controversy you
do not want to vote for him Rest assured we will not create colleagues will not
fight with us because of that is because I respect your candidates too
I'm here with Teresa Cristina Our admission to Agriculture personal beauty
have complained about the price of rice, right, by the day, rice has risen so much
a sheet about the people is not ok I even have to help you here we have
all of the hamas right from Agriculture But here are just curiosities
and we have the last 20 years here, right, the grains produced in Brazil, which is 157
percent I took from you there is true the mother-in-law 200 two hundred and twenty percent of
Dangerous Brooklin the corn one hundred and forty percent one and a half times the
only eight percent rice over 20 years does not make up for the Rossa port
waiting for the President rice in recent years it had a very low price had
competition from neighboring countries and many people have to leave the activity
because there were losses, a lot of people broke it. It’s even rice this year we did
a recovery plan is the rice rice plan is we opened some markets
and what happened the pandemic came the rice producer grew in the same
decreasing the area he had a great increase in productivity and this year
we don't get you the rice input from Paraguay Na
amount we had last year there was a change in habit in the pandemic
and the rice we started to eat more rice and the rice has gone up
price is that at first the farmer made money but today he
no he didn’t earn that price all the rice arrived no so we’re
President living in the world is an imbalance it is in several and several
commodity product prices as we call it then rice went to a
of these we started to eat more rice the steel emergency aid also did the
increase in this demand we talked in september we removed the import tax
if it weren't for that, we knew the price wouldn't go down, but it wouldn't go up anymore, so he
really stopped going up and today it already has a slight drop today I did a
research in the Brasilia Brasilia supermarket which is a price
a jump here in the pilot plan we have rice with around 28 reais the
5kg bag that gives four and 80 four and a little kg but this now we
we will have the New Rice Crop coming in January and then the prices will reduce a
little not little but now So much rice is coming in from Guyana 400,000 he
cut 400 thousand tons of rice I'm also using a needle now
coming out of a little problem but the guy's is already coming, a little bit of
Paraguay's rice in the PT government was more or less demarcated area name
indigenous in Roraima shown in the sister of everyone's heart and this
demarcation encompassed the time that the staff planted rice inaction citrus growers
So for Emma, ​​who is self-sufficient, rice became an importer of high
productivity abandoned the area twice the size of the reserve mental state
indigenous and
the national parks that right is really complicated the situation of a
then it’s healthy rice go for this now curiosity here in January we
there is a new rice crop and about agribusiness there are people who
business here secures economy Ours is a big part Agribusiness and
it is not easy to work in the field of a person I have planted there in malachite a
land of Tereza Cristina 30 hectares of rice from Barra is heavy EA Saturday and
capillary sunday with swollen because there was no way to play folidol
eye of the broad leaf thin leaf were day i'm going to throw folidol and the grass in
will come I was practically from zero to zero because I worked the same
a work donkey there at the rice plantation on 30 hectares, you know, curiosity
here I gave 20 years the production of soy grows on average seven percent to several
kingdoms the United States wants to know percent and
we do not percent and Argentina do you think will go this year will fall to
production they are the estimate is that Deva should decrease the area a little and we
we are there with a worrying drought that taking Argentina and the South of Brazil
So we have a lot of political problems with Regina, you can also see
Angola's problem in vote you returned from Communist Party the PC do B in Porto
I am happy with the line that since Argentina took over this one, these people have
to have noticed inside only here in Brazil right here Dilma Rousseff Cristina
Mature Kirchner So it will cut and they Argentina is the country that has unlock
the other most acute in the world there the element really beyond
stay at home and the moment there was confiscation of property
and it gives a serious problem in Argentina we are in contact with the ambassador for
bring us the information you need to install a really mobile phone
Argentine economy is going very badly, badly bad and attending to the tool
regrettably Argentina left meat from that country further north there you know
what is the value of general affairs here if Jessica knew need this
if Jessi we changed another the CEO then Colonel there that
he was only booked last year, his last unit was the Rota a rua da rua
Elite there in São Paulo that the sound of vagabondage is terrified of Rota and
Colonel Melo Araújo is not a guy is Sectional took over on Friday already
found a lot of wrong stuff there and we’ve really organized a trip including
for guilt choices I know it's so command I think she was really not
I took him out of my command Good thing São Paulo and it’s not easy for you to enter 50
thousand people who attend that important one is the supply of São
Paulo that the third economy in Brazil if it just said to everybody the
security happens and there's a lot of things there he assumed has
reported to me we are giving him all the support for our part here to
people make a good distraction that I'm here that I have to change there as quickly
possible, seeing the exchange of the entire exchange and carte blanche is the owner of Ceagesp
Gabriel Belo ad I'm sure you will soon in a few days will go
feel the difference of this new and we are already I intend to visit if Jessica
not in the next few weeks the problem is good luck and you can
collaborate with the Colonel seeing anything you can already contact him
he has received many complaints so that we can really move right
what is not yet available at CEAGESP in São Paulo II
we are dealing here in the recipe things not with regard to the release
brazil-paraguay customs we have problems we are doing this matter
there's nothing here I said question let's assume that Mato
Grosso do Sul your Governor or but judicial decision of you have to take
vaccine to take tereré I think I don't think the vaccine is something that people
people have to feel safe to take the children we vaccinated but I
I think it's four years and we don't even have the flu vaccine, not everyone
toma has a study published on the internet of and I
the public here that hydroxychloroquine treatment reduced seven times
well attended I had and also you will not have a day either
to know what [Music] is really going to have
health secretary of the municipality of Jacupiranga São Paulo
and he other mayors of Brazil have asked me to take care of my health
hydration here when I get to my social media that and
path to health It is only what makes analysis and decides what to do with that
Jacupiranga order received then received the shipment quite a lot of masha
you Piranga must have about 15 thousand inhabitants you can see I'm sure then
God’s secretary I talked to him a little while ago and he received it then she spoke
who doesn't know happened received the e-mail and from the State Health Secretariat
sending sending him to collect the two dots well you want if it were me I
I wouldn't return the plane, I didn't give a medicine there, which puts it at risk
whoever it is is used for malaria with which I opted for
hydration here at is simple among other things
and in sub-Saharan Africa below the Sahara, the guy with Lara who was
muscle in the basal region as it arrived with malaria and socializing took the
hydroxychloroquine and held I think you are very smart to understand
that something was happening regarding the decrease in viral load with
that person who's changing me and nowadays is more and more
Túlio being that our routine reduces the number of deaths even more who takes nor
goes to the hospital very much is to be intubated in the building at work Tereza
more or less you with the people she over 200 caught the virus none was
to Hospital obviously then none died seeing it appear it was
working from home huh what do you call work at home skin serious work
ROblocks work ROblocks I had not already picked up on
I'm at home and died I don't know if she took it like that I don't know that there are people
that according to the communities right logically to these likes It can be
that has some side effect I don't know you can't be but in fact the
was used she didn’t use She didn’t she didn’t use the alternatives and then appear
and what you know about viruses is and other health problems that had wax
Field there compared to last year appreciating wants only got more money
of Banco do Brasil to invest is well aware that the harvest plan was a success
today we have a good problem because the investment money is already over
practically So people are building more sheds to produce
chicken pig facilities there for semi-confined livestock at last And also
the ABC program is the grassland recovery program very
important that this also the investment money has already ended Agriculture
Familiar Presidente This is a success we are working hard on it we
we need is big it's not an easy problem to be solved but i have been
exciting testimonials from little hi to floral Hi especially when the
people are between started to deliver the titles to regularization they start to
to be the owner of yours to receive another day in what I sent you from Bahia that I stayed
thrilled not only with this But what if the person said look this is the realization of
my life so Family Farming we are working to do
technical assistance and the money from the harvest plan it was much higher for
this for this small farming audience
What is the program also after success in Brazil?
This is the problem, it is a national support program for microenterprises, right?
was created in the neighborhood 2020 right the author of this project was a tractor
Jorginho Mello from Santa Catarina has an angel hug Congratulations he arrived
lend 32 billion this year thirty-two billion and how much does
you pay interest pay SELIC is 2 percent plus 1.25 so 3.25 per year is the
Jorginho Mello was the person who even went to have a problem at the Bank
from Brazil got in contact with mine Paulo O Paulo Guedes the box didn’t have
problem we will also solve the problem of Banco do Brasil do Congratulations O
Jorginho Mello's problem is that he held on there A few million jobs for us
here ok and they are with me a lot here beauty
a big deal in the PT PT government in reality the amount of the Embassy was created by hand
Lula wanted a dog from the UN Security Council and I bring him from
world the prerequisites you have downloaded there but not possible for peace right then that
I was going to download it with a stick around it became a party and you know it was Baixada
consecrate so I didn’t speak by bias Araújo we closed 7 Baixada Onde
did you see look at us doing what we spent demoted by her was less than
that you were with that country mattered to him he had no place
Embassy not closing the party and downloaded the volleyball here right Yuri right You will close
some more this year it reaches 10 is very good it ant
Here we have zeal with public money and
last week it’s not a week now it’s also asked to lower the tax
about tax time games is not easy you have to complications you have to
point another source of revenue to That is not just going to lower the load
tax law in Brazil one of the highest in the world really São Paulo now is just
talk don't know São Paulo The dear government of São Paulo and the full pandemic
increased the tax a lot of things that a lot of things he equalized
imports the base two percent and took to 18 increased a lot products from the basket
basic diesel alcohol a party and only now the problem when the guy goes on
market will not go there we will see the fuel from high the rice will not take you
of me does not remember the governor of São Paulo
the dear singer like me can only that I'm in love with you know willing
it gets difficult right And another thing nobody will get the vaccine in the bar is not ok
looking for someone other than a donkey I the government the money is not mine of the people
will not buy only the vaccine also not ok look for another one to pay for your vaccine
so not last year the people last year are we have three three levels
impossible game huh What was consoles and bass in the last 50 years
going up to 40 and now it's week going up to 30
And what about console accessories works out, I want 42 we move on to
32 last year and now they go through salespeople and also what was going on
right video machine with built-in roof was 26 pass to 16 now pass
to see the percent blouse because she knows where it comes from before here this last one
it down there, it has to be slow, I don’t have a delay for another
impact as much as you play video games, but it’s not Snow plays play
it will stay a little bit it will stop I need the video I played there is only hospitalization
or was playing is not
and the floor of giving more we have two Melissa, right, Terezinha is more
complicated ministry of women's human rights and and family thanks i
did not know that she spoke here is the ministry complicate has one and yours in them
from time to time I see some viruses to give more that is unbelievable what of
every once in a while always do with children do with woman Face for the elderly
is unbelievable and the base work is even exceptional in the past if the
pano didn't even care about that even for you to connect a disc and
anyone over there to say that woman took more than an hour to be
attended and everything will be resolved nothing today takes less than 1 minute
and often the solution is to seek nothing more. Asked to disclose here via Zap
now there is Zap there is a pity that he dials 100 the 180 has Zap now
look who wants to report anything you use to abuse more here in
day that without the 180 used nothing more than the 61 Brasília 99 656 5008 Ok Castro
we could not spend these days but it won't
And just abuse a 23-year-old child and a three-year-old child by mistreating the elderly with
woman is not even mentioned so the woman has some coins in her are worse than
slavery I didn’t talk about the visit but it’s not a talk that quickly you have to
help me come with me Teresa you will like it is not only missing the goal of sleep You
who said singing nothing from Ceará with you, I’ve been on both trips to
northeast loves more let's go more let's see the duplication of the br-135 with the team
crime and also work carried out by our Brazilian army so the
army is really the people believe and an exceptional work curiosity right
talking to Tarcísio had a look just have this only that were Northeast one
company that was not the army has already recaptured
in a few dozen kilometers is four months later everything was tried
Morato What's up
and there is no company and said to redo The work must be a
What's up
the lack of hell Jesus is hi and then I intend to solve
G1 to solve the pay to see
And there is adaptive that ends the anger so much
good thing view II love
is produced between justice and I wanted to wait for it
Hi, let's talk in the corner, the fabric letter in justice is all at home in one
good quiet but the fabric every day
and I borrowed the lost and he is with a company he is crazy and will be
Thank you for redoing the work. So these lawyers I was advising represent
justice finding here and happen as in the past he fell off the horse ok so i'm on
justice and won the work will be redone on that highway did not have a
known order on request the accessory legally Contractor
we are not successful ok we also returned three more internet points
satellite Empress Ferries in Açailândia you can have very little coffee but come on
and the total only in Maranhão after internet we already voted 1,300 because internet in Manoel
and great parents are schools all your school has no contact with the ministry
of Communications that what is deputy Fábio Faria, you know, go to sleep in the North the
start and it will be arranged to put the internet post in your school in one
the best the problem yesterday crepe right about SUS that had nothing to do with
privatization but unfortunately a large part of the media had a carnival over
of that will approve salsa the Poor will be able to be served by SUS is certain
repeal the decree I made a note explaining what they decree
saying that the next few days we can reissue the Decree that should happen in the
next week Including your Dilma Rousseff right Dilma Rousseff is here look
Dilma: Bolsonaro wants to deliver public health to private plans That was
yesterday now look only beauty 23 September 2010 or ten years ago the
same G1 Okay right here is written side by side but President Dilma Rousseff
advocates partnerships with the private sector to improve theirs exactly
another proposal now she proposed ago was unsuccessful to vary anything in
based on her problem but exactly the same decree is
the change in the word other over there lost over there
introduce themselves and she who had Mrs. Josefa even changing her poster
for her we will present the one that after the application deadline was unable to do
ago we will be able to do now now fell off the horse criticized what she
proposes there Track
If you vote for Dilma in the past, don't
woman has to put the woman there and we had a terrorist attack there
in France it wasn’t today it was today for today today is my thought now where all
world exists right now it went to the video conference last year was in person
I talked about Christophobia I happened to you today three people murdered in
Basilica of notre-dame Nice south of France we regret a Brazilian here
she was stabbed or will die Brazilian and was stabbed at Simone Barreto Silva
died died stabbed if he regrets he was there praying you know this one stayed here
what a party And Christians i told you cristophobia is that right stabbed if the
lady in there come on is wrong those present regrets the death of the train
people and now this here has to be fought
people do not have to be with the little flower there is no such thing here it has to be compatible
is someone who does not support it then another person who is in God
and you may not even believe it Nobody wants anything to do with anyone
that is yours here now get to the point of committing this to your city and we don't
married side not in several countries, right? It's from around the world, this one has a
constant c 100 thousand people arrive with great [ __ ] a person is saying here
mine here 100 thousand people are executed in deaths per year due to your party
I'm going to them like that including obviously including a communist country, right?
that you know very cute that happens in there last subject here i will be fine
Brazil quickly signed the declaration
against abortion EA in favor of the role of the family never existed in the
last September, 313 thousand new jobs were created in the economy.
Paulo was going to leave seems to be right Paulo Cesar EA recovery very Stitch for
me because you are unemployed you have to criticize is the one who told you to stay at home
now and hasn't been has been ordering to stay in
house Mato Grosso or not also had that not Mato Grosso side its economy Our
is from Agro Agro or sleep or Agro didn’t stop the people from the field didn’t stay at home
work goes to work Imagine if you had not worked from home to home
right and for sure the rice would not have gone up forty percent around
but it wasn’t princess or I wouldn’t have rice for you to buy
now they are paying the bill of stay at home the economy see you after that so
now seeing economics when I spoke back there has to deal with a virus
YouTube employs the same right with the same responsibility and
simultaneously the company Têxtil Aline there the bill to pay and each time but not
so seeing that the country where it closed the least had the least knots is
and I’m seeing I’m seeing a few here, you know, the chief executive of Brazil
outside speaking and adopt the look Down its boring again the madness I look for
and here it looks like something is weak Patrol swimming Recreio at
times and your job is earning little
now separate the whole of Brazil I think it’s not easy either don’t enter
the regulatory norm NR we keep taking the state out of the pagoda
of Who produces by reducing bureaucratization by deregulation so we have the
famous NS regulatory standards many have already been perfected right
example here look at a stationery shop in the small neighborhood here the
leisure to sell snacks I had to buy a risk prevention program
physical and biological chemicals and a medical control program this all
packet of four virals we revoke the prior inspection there to open any
type of business even a small clothing store a stationery store you need to request
authorization and has a preview ended NR 21
nr-12 work safety with machines and equipment the company
import a state-of-the-art machine for you that Beco to that machine
Brazilian legislation spending an average of twenty percent of the price she paid
on that machine and sometimes make certain changes that made it configured
more productive is impressive and no one had the courage to change that in the
past and more that you mess around love you ask for her guarantee
G1 is well revoked
your regulatory norm bag this is my expense for those who produce and
consequence more resistance will also sell your product cheaper all
world take something there nr-15 this one is unbelievable unbelievable R15 1978
78211 there in São Cristóvão II ah and there are also nr-15 and the norm in
make open work feasible can work is open I don't
I know a lot to make this candle, right, but in the field, especially in the field of
entry to wash a car for example works at the gas station nearby so if the
maximum temperature of 28 degrees that almost in all of Brazil I think an average I
I think it's up and up I don't think so
so every 15 of the work I had to rest 45
to 15 working 15 weeding 45 under the water making the plants we ended up that
this put for the love of God NR18 civil construction
and for example the bathroom that that you masonry
And if it was a board or a board, right, how many people talk, okay, now I don’t understand
nothing from São Paulo the attention of Eldorado that put the cheap one of that of Eldorado
Paulista in the square on the side of the hug Tiririca then there is a gigantic work You
can even think about it now complicated works smaller right
and now a chemical toilet NR 24 is allowed
Hi and the bathroom Look just a barrier of a company it was possible to give more than 40
fines once just for example the roof it has to be of clay tile Or
fiber cement I don't even know what that cement is not going to have been is not
asbestos and wooden or iron windows And the new ones have to be incandescent
in specie was even the type of paint to be used in painting the walls and
Ana only looks and if she had 15 workers she has to
to have a male male bath and the poison is LGBT, you don’t have to have it well
who are thinking all the time and put everything we have to put us right
so I have to have been workers have to have a bathroom
male and female with all due respect, what if the company that has 10 15 people
I think if he has a shower, right, your problem opened the door closed for
inside That's it There it was revoked also we arrived
in the end there is the 31 that solved the problem of Brazilian agriculture
nr-31 of the safety and health of the worker of the work in the agriculture
this presidency here is a revolution today whoever is in the field has a NR
appropriate for the countryside and not with the laws that governed the urban area then
small producer of milk and cheese, you know, he had 10 dairy cows for example
he had to develop an environmental risk prevention plan for the
operational safety work lasts every year every year you fall from
new nobody could fulfill it so this is a gain for the field
Brazilian Thank you present São Bernardo do Campo chuchu 28.000 is fish
nostalgia was [ __ ] it's cool now i'm going to put it in without doing a battalion of
city ​​councilors have two kilos of what you’re cool about here Luiz Costa
Luiz Costa my cousin my cousin cousin ok I applied for us just like us
good his team has it and the tricolor you will get the tricolor
for councilman There in Queimados it's better to just send my heart is yours
answer 77333 the last one here is Fábio Ferreira here o created with me will not
will not step on the ball will not no servant of God taking the ball thing people in
a certainty Fábio Ferreira Nova Iguaçu 10/6 Cláudio Cláudio Lucas in São Paulo
and also
and Claudino from São Paulo is just nothing Fernandes São Paulo Cloud look in São
Paulo also two candidates here are good size for something appeared killing one
I was killing the newspaper but São Paulo is doing a story that the favor seems like a
I'm not there, so Bolsonaro intercedes for the Brazilian prisoner, okay?
knowing about Robson’s case, he didn’t come in so he took a sealed ball there for the
Russia before and when I opened his suitcase there is a medicine that was supposed to be
the person I remember there a measure this medicine is counting drugs he’s
arrested since last year, right? And we’re trying, of course, through the
in that today our chief Itamaraty his release
and it was a person for Russia will deal with another matter mother a secretary
our secretary was also the senator
start the negotiations already the president deliberation in these cases we release
here, our service Robson, who is detained for another year on the street if I go
enter a medicine, right, it's pink medicine is sold under prescription
medical killing is considered as a drug the screen to put it right if it is the case
talk to him content to be touched I think he will attend us because
he entered in good faith something that is sold here in Brazil sent there
a letter also send a letter to your will be dealing with this matter there
really imagine that a person is suffering right for something that
and he did it in good faith and I could never imagine that that medicine was
taking to a person there that she in the case father-in-law a player Fernando who now
is in China I talked to the player Fernando I talked to the player
Fernando he’s just me wrong he’s Gaucho he was sad because he was rightly happy to
the various reasons at first here this person who worked with him is daylight
of Lapa and another one of the nasty comments here that existed in Brazil as if he
was not insensitive to this arrest he did his best also gave testimony
everything was cleared up the maximum inside the Russian justice did not understand
that way and the penalty for this type of crime there is a lot you see it's on
20s and dancing you know quite a thing she has heard President
we are going to talk to the president of the
Brazil and I got Vera's head from the kid because it's not like the case back there in
Indonesia where the bastard entered the Brazilian there with drugs and there it is for me
shows he was executed he's losing asking for no dealer to any
person I have with drugs inside Russia I have never been arrested in this
circumstance there i would try to release him he turns around and more the case
Robson's here I'm sure I don't think so
we have nobody everybody we are unanimous right to released we have a
meeting at and in the Garden people are not yours too
blitz blitz is also like if it was in Brazil Russia is sometimes not I will
ask for a reserved audience for your public garden and make sure it goes
assist us because this is an issue, yes, a humanitarian issue
I will never do that again
Hello guys, I did the brigadeiro if someone was offended. I'm sorry.
Córrego da Divisa the color of pink is okay but at that moment I thought
that if there was sanpaku here Sampaio Correia from Maranhão would be
I'm wearing Sampaio Corrêa's shirt in honor of the state of Maranhão, the state
I was treated very lovingly by very happy I'm touched
Send a hug to all Maranhenses repeat someone call me joke I
I did it for television, talking to a fire guy in pink here doing it, right?
it was worth the next ones there and Who took it and divulged it I don't know what you had
offending him, whoever it may be, on the contrary, because I was
joking she from Paraná who took the sport right now evil is there now the
Guará color is really good the base is very good you can buy ok
here Brasilia has someone raised where they bought Brazil Jesus because it is from
Piauí measures Piauí drink distributor here in DF takes 203 403 This will
there and work Jesus Wagner is going to you so you can see the most goat of the plague
so don't know now people hug everyone until next Thursday if God
want to thank you Teresa Good night 19 hours in
today exceptionally 21 hours in